Release notes for 2022.9.0 release. (#2267)
uxlfoundation/oneDPL: documentation/library_guide/introduction.rst

  than ``2423.32`` (Rolling) and ``2350.61`` (LTS) is used.
  See the `Release Types <https://dgpu-docs.intel.com/releases/releases.html>`_
  to find information about the relevant Rolling and LTS releases.

> * With libstdc++ version 10, the compilation error *SYCL kernel cannot use exceptions* occurs
>   when using ``std::ranges::take_view`` or ``std::ranges::drop_view`` to construct views passed to range-based
>   algorithms with device policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``std::ranges::drop_view`` from libstdc++ version 10 may throw exceptions.
  This can lead to a "SYCL kernel cannot use exceptions" compilation error
  when it is used to pass data to a range-based algorithm with a device policy.
```
